Testing daml models (#36)
digital-asset/daml-katacoda: testing-daml-models/testing-with-scenarios/0_intro.md

Once you've written a DAML model, you want to be certain that it behaves the way you imagined. DAML
scenarios are a good way to unit test your DAML model and make sure it stays correct in further
iterations.

This tutorial will teach you how to

1. write DAML scenarios 
1. add assertions to you scenarios
1. trace through your scenarios and output debug information

> We'll take the DAML model of the social network of the [GettingStarted](https://katacoda.com/daml/courses/getting-started)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll take the DAML model of the social network of the [GettingStarted](https://daml.com/learn/getting-started/)
```

All scenarios will be available at daml.com/learn. Bernhard updated the Katacoda instructions.
